And most importantly, you need to learn some good manners
And without good manners , such as I am now
you don't need me, don't you?
Nobody needs you such as you are now.
Stop the car!
(the car door is slamming loudly ,
the sound of high heels walking on the pavement)
Sofia ! Where are you going ?
Come here ! Come here !
(shouting over: - You make me sick!)
Let's go!
(shouting over: - I hate you!)
All those four years have passed by
All those four years were about nothing
Lazy talking, idle silence
And again on the left side
I will read your lips and will find out the truth
In the phone
I will seal and post it
Following you
Stop any smoking
Stop any shooting
Stop any tantrum
and spying on me
Stop your recording!
No more yelling
No more righteous words behind my back
Stop any persuading
Stop any heated debate
Sun never will be warmer in the winter
Stop it!
Pack all your bags and have a go!
All four years - next
All four years - by heart
No calls, no tears, I don't need this all
Say "Bye-Bye" and have a go
I will not forgive you any more
Do not look for me , do not think about me
Shut up the door tightly
While you go away
Stop any smoking
Stop any shooting
Stop any tantrum
and spying on me
Stop your recording!
No more yelling
No more righteous words behind my back
Stop any persuading
Stop any heated debate
Sun never will be warmer in the winter
Say "Bye-Bye" and have a go